misc fixes (#1180)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/content-block-simple.mdx

| Paragraph                                                                                                                                                  | Long copy  | Yes      | 1           | XXXXL (1600 / 2400)                       |
| [Image with caption](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/image-with-caption) or [Video](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/video) | Component  | No       | 1           | –                                         |
| [CTA (card)](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta)                                                                                          | Component  | No       | 1           | –                                         |
| [Link list](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/link-list)                                                                                     | Component  | No       | 1           | –                                         |

> To see the list of all character count standards, go to this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <a href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/wiki/Character-count-standards" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener nofollow">link</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [character count standards](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/wiki/Character-count-standards).

```
